# Client-Management-System-using-PHP-MySQL
In Client Management System Project we use PHP and MySQL Database. This project keeps the records of clients. Client Management System has two modules ie. Admin and client.  Admin Module  1. Dashboard:  In this section, admin can briefly view the total services, total clients, total today’s sales, total yesterday’s sales, last seven day’s sales, and total sales.  2. Services: In this section, admin can manage services (Add/Update).  3. Add Clients: In this section, admin can add new clients  4. Clients List: In this section, admin can update the client details and add services that are provided by the admin.  5. Invoices: In this section, admin can view the invoices of the client and also take print of the invoice.  6. Reports: In this section, admin can view the client’s details and check the sales reports(month-wise/year wise) in a particular period.  7. Search Invoice: In this section, admin can search for clients’ invoices with the help of his/her invoice number.  Admin can also update his profile, change the password and recover the password.   Client Module  1. Dashboard: It is a welcome page for a client.  2. Invoices: In this section, client can view the invoices of the client and also take print of the invoice.  3. Search Invoice: In this section, client can search his/her invoice with the help of the invoice number.  The client can also update his/her profile, change the password and recover the password.  Some Project Screenshots Home Page   Admin Login   Manage Clients Page     How to run the Client Management System (CMS) Project  1.Download the zip file  2.Extract the file and copy clientms folder  3.Paste inside root directory(for xampp xampp/htdocs, for wamp wamp/www, for lamp var/www/html)  4.Open PHPMyAdmin (http://localhost/phpmyadmin)  5.Create a database with name clientmsdb  6.Import clientmsdb.sql file (given inside the zip package in SQL file folder) 
